README.md, before:

![](https://github.com/gmasquelier59/WebCaster/raw/main/resources/logo.png)

# WebCaster: Web Radio Management System

> [!WARNING]
> WebCaster development is still in the early stages, it is not yet usable as is ! 😅

**Made with ❤️ by [Guillaume Masquelier](https://github.com/gmasquelier59), french developer from <b>Lille, <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/197/197560.png" width="13"/> France</b>**

## Technologies

<p>
    <img alt=".Net" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-.Net%20Core-006d77?style=flat-square&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white" />
    <img alt="Entity Framework Core" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Entity%20Framework%20Core-006d77?style=flat-square&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white" />
    <img alt="C#" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-C%23-006d77?style=flat-square&logo=csharp&logoColor=white" />
    <img alt="Swagger" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-006d77?style=flat-square&logo=swagger&logoColor=white" />
    <img alt="Sqlite" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Sqlite-006d77?style=flat-square&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white" />
</p>
<p>
    <img alt="Liquidsoap" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Liquidsoap-83c5be?style=flat-square&logoColor=white" />
    <img alt="Icecast" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Icecast-83c5be?style=flat-square&logoColor=white" />
    <img alt="Replaygain" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Replaygain-83c5be?style=flat-square&logoColor=white" />
</p>

## Compatibility

My goal is for WebCaster to be Windows & Linux compatible ✌️

<p>
    <img alt=".Net" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Windows 10/11-006d77?style=flat-square&logo=Windows&logoColor=white" />
    <img alt="Entity Framework Core" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux%20Ubuntu-006d77?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=white" />
</p>

## Install WebCaster

🚧 **TODO**

## Documentation

🚧 **TODO**

## License

WebCaster is licensed under the [GNU General Public License (GPL) version 3.0](https://github.com/gmasquelier59/WebCaster/blob/main/LICENSE). This project is free and open-source software, and pull requests are always welcome.

Commit message:

DOC: add swagger documentation urls

README.md, after:

![](https://github.com/gmasquelier59/WebCaster/raw/main/resources/logo.png)

# WebCaster: Web Radio Management System

> [!WARNING]
> WebCaster development is still in the early stages, it is not yet usable as is ! 😅

**Made with ❤️ by [Guillaume Masquelier](https://github.com/gmasquelier59), french developer from <b>Lille, <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/197/197560.png" width="13"/> France</b>**

## Technologies

<p>
    <img alt=".Net" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-.Net%20Core-006d77?style=flat-square&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white" />
    <img alt="Entity Framework Core" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Entity%20Framework%20Core-006d77?style=flat-square&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white" />
    <img alt="C#" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-C%23-006d77?style=flat-square&logo=csharp&logoColor=white" />
    <img alt="Swagger" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-006d77?style=flat-square&logo=swagger&logoColor=white" />
    <img alt="Sqlite" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Sqlite-006d77?style=flat-square&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white" />
</p>
<p>
    <img alt="Liquidsoap" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Liquidsoap-83c5be?style=flat-square&logoColor=white" />
    <img alt="Icecast" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Icecast-83c5be?style=flat-square&logoColor=white" />
    <img alt="Replaygain" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Replaygain-83c5be?style=flat-square&logoColor=white" />
</p>

## Compatibility

My goal is for WebCaster to be Windows & Linux compatible ✌️

<p>
    <img alt=".Net" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Windows 10/11-006d77?style=flat-square&logo=Windows&logoColor=white" />
    <img alt="Entity Framework Core" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux%20Ubuntu-006d77?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=white" />
</p>

## Install WebCaster

🚧 **TODO**

## Documentation

🚧 **TODO**

### Swagger

In development environment, the API documentation is available at https://localhost:5000/ (or http://localhost:4000/ without HTTPS).

## License

WebCaster is licensed under the [GNU General Public License (GPL) version 3.0](https://github.com/gmasquelier59/WebCaster/blob/main/LICENSE). This project is free and open-source software, and pull requests are always welcome.
